Taylor Swift ~ You Belong With Me
You're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset
She's goin' off about somethin' that you said
'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do
I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night
I'm listenin' to the kind of music she doesn't like
And she'll never know your story like I do
But she wears short skirts, I wear T-shirts
She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers
Dreamin' 'bout the day when you wake up and find
That what you're looking for has been here the whole time
If you could see that I'm the one who understands you
Been here all along, so why can't you see
You belong with me
Walkin' the streets with you and your worn-out jeans
I can't help thinkin' this is how it ought to be
Laughin' on a park bench, thinkin' to myself
"Hey, isn't this easy?"
And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town
I haven't seen it in a while since she brought you down
You say you're fine, I know you better than that
Hey, what you doin' with a girl like that?
She wears high heels, I wear sneakers
She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers
Dreamin' 'bout the day when you wake up and find
That what you're looking for has been here the whole time
If you could see that I'm the one who understands you
Been here all along, so why can't you see
You belong with me
Standin' by and waitin' at your back door
All this time, how could you not know, baby
You belong with me
Oh, I remember you drivin' to my house
In the middle of the night
I'm the one who makes you laugh
When you know you're 'bout to cry
And I know your favorite songs
And you tell me 'bout your dreams
Think I know where you belong
Think I know it's with me
Can't you see that I'm the one who understands you?
Been here all along, so why can't you see
You belong with me
Standin' by and waitin' at your back door
All this time, how could you not know, baby
You belong with me
Have you ever thought just maybe